When my friends are struggling, I don't
say, "Take your time." When my friends
are struggling, I say, "Go on." When my
friends are crying, I say, "Go on."
I live my life by that code.
He's back.
Cynic,
leadership and communication expert,
author, TED speaker. His unconventional
views have made him one of the most
sought-after speakers on the planet.
There's no one quite like him. Simon,
how are you doing?
I'm actually feeling quite lonely. I'm
struggling to communicate or present
myself in a way that people will get who
I am. Feel like nobody can help you. And
the first thing that a lot of us should
do is reach out to a friend and say,
"I'm struggling." You should never cry
alone. We live in a world where most
people are illquipped on how to be there
for a friend who's struggling. The first
mistake people make is they try and fix.
Don't need them to fix me. I just need
him to sit in the mud with me so I don't
feel alone when I'm sitting in the mud.
The fact that it's such a loud
conversation about mental health is a
spotlight on the fact that we do not
know how to build deep meaningful
relationships. But the way I manage it,
which is different than most is I, you
know, I wish I had these skills 10 years
ago.
Is the design of the modern world making
it more difficult for us to find love
and to keep it? The problem with it is
is it's grass is always greener because
it's so easy to just go swiping.
Something's out of balance. And as I I'm
going to say this over and over and over
again, which is successful relationships
are
[Music]
Simon, congratulations. You are the D of
record holder. You've been invited back
more than any other guest. And it's not
for it's for a very very good reason,
which is that your episodes are always
the most adored that we have on this on
this podcast. They are um the two
episodes of the conversations we've had
are both in the top 10 of all time on
the show and I always feel after our
conversations end that they could have
gone on longer. So here we are.
Well, thanks for having me back. I enjoy
coming.
My first question for you today is and I
you know this question is often asked
quite flippantly but I want to I'd
really like the real answer which is how
are you doing?
Um, you know, I think when somebody says
fine,
they're lying.
And so my instinct is to say I'm fine.
Um,
I am going through
uh I'm going through some ups and downs.
Um, I'm in a period of uh flux, which
doesn't which is fine. That that
genuinely is good. Um, I like a little
bit of chaos in my life. It's where
creativity comes from. And if I look
back at my career, you know, I would
take a job, I'd have a fastmoving
career, it would get to a a great point,
it would plateau, and then I'd quit. And
I'm sort of at that point, you know, um
I love a steep learning curve. I love a
difficult situation and I like trying
something new and building something.
And um so there's I'm I'm shifting away
from inerson public speaking which I
think surprises a lot of people. Um but
recognize that I never considered myself
a public speaker in the first place.
It's just something I did to advance my
cause. It was never my chosen career. So
not doing it as much as I enjoy it and
and I know uh is is not that difficult.
So what next is a little bit of an
unknown. I have some ideas and I'm
testing some things out, but I don't
actually know where I'm going to go.
Why are you shifting away from public
speaking? Give me the context as to why
this is a sort of a pivotal moment.
Um, there are multiple reasons. Um, you
know, I I consider myself a preacher.
And when I set out on my journey many
years ago, I was espousing a vision of
what business could look like and what
the world could look like, what our
careers could look like that was
different than the world that we lived
in. You know, talking about purpose at
work was some hippie-dippy stuff,
you know, and now it's a completely
normal conversation. And I'm really
proud to have been a part of that
movement. And so when I would stand on a
stage, I was preaching to people who had
never heard of my my work, who had never
heard of these concepts, at least not
explained the way I explained them. And
and I was converting audiences, you
know, that was and the good news is the
movement is is a is has its own
momentum. And um I don't know how many
I'm converting vastly fewer people now
when I walk into the room. Now they're
looking for tools. Now they're looking
for, you know, which is great. Um, and
so I want to now pivot myself so that I
can start having significant impact
again. So that I can start affecting
greater change, not not just
maintenance, not just reinforcing, not
just affirming change, impact is what
I'm looking at. So that's a huge part.
Um, co in some respects was a gift. It
created a marketplace for online and so
you know I can do things that I could
never do before which is I can be in
Chicago in the morning and Koala Lumpur
in the evening. that that was impossible
before. Um I have the energy to give to
more people. Um so I'm doing that which
is great. Um and at the end of the day
um I I'm I want to learn. I want to be
in a situation where I'm actually not
familiar, where I'm not very
comfortable. You know, I'm good on the
stage now. I've I've honed my craft and
I want to be uncomfortable again.
Right? the personal side is different.
Uh,
you know, I know that mental health is a
is a is a an big and important topic
right now. And had a conversation with
somebody recently and I've realized I
actually don't like the term mental
health, you know. Um, it sounds like a
fixed destination. It sounds like, you
know, if you if you don't have health,
like if you're not perfect, there's
something wrong with you. So any kind of
divergence or sadness means you're
imperfect, right? And that's not true.
And I think it's an unfair standard to
call it mental health. And I think
because at the end of the day, like
think about your body when you go to the
gym, right? Um we call that fitness.
And some days you have good days at the
gym and some days you have bad at the
gym, bad days at the gym. Some days your
body feels amazing. You can lift huge
weights. and someday for whatever reason
you got enough sleep, you ate, you're
eating well, you're hydrated, you just
your body's just not working that day.
And we're all familiar with that and it
doesn't really bother us. You're like, h
bad day today. And you move on and you
allow that to happen. But we don't treat
our our mental fitness the same way. You
know, being a human, you are 100%
mentally fit if you have sadness and
have if you have joy and if you have
doubt and uncertainty and insecurity.
That that's what it is to be human. like
your body sometimes has pain. There's
nothing wrong with your body. And so I I
I like to call it mental fitness rather
than mental health, right? I'm always
working on my mental fitness.
Mhm.
And I allow for periods of darkness. So
right now when you said, "How are you?"
The space that I'm sitting in is I'm
actually feeling quite lonely. And uh
and I learned about how to manage mental
fitness during COVID more than I ever
had prior because we had to deal with so
much [__] right? And so prior I would
have been embarrassed by saying I'm
feeling lonely. I would have um hid at
it or suppressed it. Don't like negative
feelings. Um
whereas now I'm just sitting in it, not
worried about it. Um I'm allowing it to
go through me. like I'm allowing myself
to have a bad day at the gym and
weirdly even though it's not necessarily
fun um weirdly appreciative of it um
because it's makes me human.
It just reminds me of a story um earlier
on in my career I was invited to speak
at an event which is the Association of
Meeting Planners. So there's an American
meeting planners association whatever it
is.
Literally everybody who hires speakers
from every big company and association
has their own association and they come
and have their own event. So to get
hired to get invited to speak at this
event is like if you nail it your career
is set for the rest of your life and if
you blow it your career is over, right?
Because like literally everybody who
hires all the speakers for all the big
events is in this room and I got
invited. Huge honor, right?
And I'm this back in the start with Y
days. And I'm good at start with Y. Like
I've done this thing probably thousands
of times. I know my stuff. So I get up
there. I'm doing start with Y and I lose
my train of thought.
It's okay. I'm a professional. I know
how to deal with losing your train of
thought. You go quiet.
You relax. You get your thoughts back.
And you pick up where you left off. It's
happened before. No problem. So I do
what I I know how to do. I go quiet and
nothing comes in. And now the panic
starts. Now the heart starts pounding.
Now my life is flashing before my eyes.
Now I'm recognizing, oh my god, I've my
career is over, you know, and I look at
my my pad and I look at the audience. I
cannot I cannot remember what I was
saying. I don't know what to say next. I
don't have a joke. I've got nothing.
I've just got panic. So I turn to the
audience and I say, "Do you ever have
that feeling, that sinking feeling when
you lose your train of thought, where
your heart starts pounding and your
hands get clammy and your life flashes
before your eyes?" I said, "I'm having
that right now." And I'll tell you, I am
so grateful for that feeling right now
because it makes me feel alive. And the
audience exploded with applause. I said,
"Right now, if somebody could please
just tell me what I was saying so I
could pick up where I left off." And
somebody screamed something out and
went, "Thank you." And I picked up and I
finished. The point was I could have I
could have suppressed the panic, but I
was open about the way I was feeling.
And what I learned was everybody was
there to support me because I I
acknowledge that I'm human
and it's relatable. And so that's how I
feel right now. I'm more open about
being in a darker space in in a in the
shadows right now because because it
makes me feel it makes me feel quite
frankly normal. It makes me feel human
and it's part of mental fitness, you
know, and and if I didn't have off days
or off weeks, then how would I know what
to work on, you know? How would I know
what good good looks like? How would I
know how to appreciate the happy days if
I didn't have some days that were down?
So I'm I'm I'm weirdly grateful for what
I'm going through right now.
I
very long answer to your very question.
Absolutely perfect. Obviously we always
do long answers here as you know but I I
um the context is so incredibly
important and the subject matter is even
more important. I know this because I've
done a few talks over the last couple of
years or whatever and when I talk about
the subject matter of loneliness,
what will happen afterwards is I will
have a young man
who will come up to me, you know, when
people are asking questions at the
afterwards when you're taking pictures
or whatever
and he'll get very very close
because he's scared of anybody hearing
him on his right, right, and his left.
And I remember I have this vision in my
head of it happening recently. And he'll
whisper to me a a message of thanks for
talking about my own loneliness in my
life. Yeah.
But also asking for some kind of path
through the jungle of loneliness, some
kind of solution. And then when I look
at the the statistics around loneliness
in the UK and in the US, it's absolutely
incredible. I've often cited that
Theresa May was the first prime minister
in our country to appoint a loneliness
for the country. Um, I think the the
statistic which I've often quoted is
that the medium American used to say
they had three people they could turn to
in a time of crisis and now that answer
is zero.
And we're and we're heading in that
direction at a very sort of um global
often western world level.
So I think the subject matter of
loneliness is incredibly important one.
My first question on that on that topic
then is what is the symptom of
loneliness? How does one know if they
are lonely? And because it's so easy to
confuse it with another feeling.
Yeah. H what's you what's your sort of
symptoms?
So
when I when I say I feel lonely and I
think when people say they feel lonely,
I think what it is is that you know
we're social animals who want to feel um
included but also feel like um people
see, hear, and understand us. And I
think my symptoms of of loneliness are
feeling misunderstood
or like people don't get me or or worse,
I'm struggling to communicate or present
myself in a way that people will get who
I am. You've heard me say this. You
know, there's an entire section in the
bookshop called self-help and there's no
section on the bookshop called help
others. And what we're desperately
needing more than anything is is is a
help others industry. Like we do not
teach people how to help each other. We
we do podcasts and write books about how
you know how you can find love and how
you can build your business and how you
can become a millionaire and you know
how you can find the job that you love.
It's all about me me and there's not
enough about how can you help somebody
else find love. How can you else how can
you help somebody else you know find
commercial success or how we don't do
that. We don't teach it. And those are
the skills that are desperately needed
for each of us to find mental fitness
because we can't do it alone. You know,
when you find darkness, you you whatever
however you want to define your
darkness, you know, you feel alone. You
feel like nobody can help you. You feel
like you have no agency. You feel like
you lack of control. And the first thing
that a lot of us should do is reach out
to a friend and say, "I'm struggling or
I need help or I'm lonely or I'm
depressed or I'm sad." Whatever your
whatever the feeling is. and that
person, do your friends, do your
colleagues, do your teachers have the
skills to know how to hold space? So,
the first mistake people make is they
try and fix. Don't try and fix. It's not
it's not a fixing thing, you know? Um
it's like, I had a bad day at the gym.
Nothing to fix, you know, nothing to
fix. Um but then do you know how to
listen? Do you know how to hold space?
Um and and and I think one of the
reasons more of us are struggling with
mental fitness is because we ourselves
lack the skills to help our friends who
are struggling with mental fitness. And
the more that we as a society are
equipped to help each other, the more
that there are other people there to
help us.
So, you know, if if and I have a rule
with my friends um my rule is no crying
alone. My my close friends all know this
and we all obey it. Like I'll get a call
from somebody who's a somebody who's a
significant person in the world that
people know who they are and they'll
call me and say I do you have a minute?
I'll be like yeah what's what's up?
They're like I just I think I need to
cry. I'm like go what have you what's on
your mind? And they'll tell me what's on
their mind and they will cry. And that's
my rule. My rule with my friends is no
crying alone. Because if you're at the
point of absolute frustration,
exhaustion, whatever it is that you you
can't hold it in, I'd rather you call me
or one of us and you do it with
somebody. You should never cry alone.
And and so I'm really good when I'm in a
place like this of calling somebody and
telling them because I don't want to go
through this alone. And some of my
friends do have the do have the skills
where they can say, "How do you feel?"
Oh, this is how I feel. That must be
really frustrating. Yeah, it's really
hard. Tell me more about that. Well, I'm
sort of going through this and that. And
they know how to hold space. That's all
I need. I need to somebody to sit in the
mud with me. Don't need them to fix me
or clean me off or give me a towel. I
just need him to sit in the mud with me
so I don't feel alone when I'm sitting
in the mud. And it's I think it's our
responsibility to be able to have that
skills, that skill set to do it for our
friends and the people we love or our
colleagues. Um we don't teach listening.
We don't teach difficult conversations.
The fact that there's so much
conversation about mental health right
now is not is of course in part because
we've just come through this crazy ass
thing called COVID and lockdowns and
exaggerated
politics and you know uh and divisions
in our countries and
etc etc social media sure you can pile
that on if you want but I think really
what it is the fact there's such a loud
conversation about mental health is a
spotlight light on the fact that we are
we do not know how to build deep
meaningful relationships. I think it is
an indictment on our current state of
affairs that not only do we not have the
skills to be there for our friends but
we're we're the way we're reacting to it
is by trying to seek resources to help
me rather than teach me how to help my
friends. I think we're going about it
halfass.
I was really surprised when you gave the
answer regarding that when I said the
symptoms that that have indicated to you
that you are feeling lonely.
Um I think even in my head I was
expecting it to sound more like an
absence of other humans around you
and that's the whole distinction between
being alone and being lonely. Your
answer was about how you
you feel like you're not understood
by who?
Is this friends or is this the world or
is it
um
the
I'm a middle-aged man who hasn't been
married. That not not that I care about
marriage, but I haven't even had like a
10-year relationship. And I'm realizing
some of it is self-inflicted. You know,
I chose a career path that made me
pretty undatable. You know, I was on the
road so much. It was difficult to have a
relationship. But some of it is also
managing the effects or the the symptoms
of ADHD which wasn't a thing when I was
a kid. So I couldn't be diagnosed which
I'm glad for quite frankly because I had
to learn to manage certain things myself
which became strengths as adult as
strengths as an adult. So not not not
bitter about that. I wasn't diagnosed
until I was 32.
So pretty much in life you know like and
one of the things that I've and I've
learned how to manage it really well
professionally. Like I know how to
manage my ADHD in a professional context
really well. I'm only now learning some
of the symptoms, how it affects personal
relationships and how I show up in
relationships that I didn't even
realize. So my whole life I'd be in
relationships and and women would tell
me, "You're so hard to read." And I was
like, "I'm an open book. What do you
mean I'm so hard to read? I'll tell you
anything you want to know." You know,
like and and what I've learned is people
with ADHD, not all of them, but some of
them do something called stonewalling,
which is an accident. It's not something
conscious where you're telling me
something about your day, whatever it
is, or about our relationship. And I
have I'm I have nothing to add. And so
what on my face, you see nothing.
And I I've acknowledged, oh, this is
fantastic and wonderful. This is great.
But I have nothing substantive to add.
So I just add nothing. And so the
accidental effect is, did I say
something wrong? Did I offend him? Does
he not agree?
And so I know that about myself now. So
I can say to somebody, if you're not
getting the reaction that you need, if
you need any reaction, just ask me for a
reaction. How does that make you feel?
Is that okay? Like, oh my god, that's
fantastic. Right? And I'll I'll give it
to you. Um or I'm really blunt and
forward with questions. For example, I
have a friend, she's an entrepreneur,
she's a soloreneur, she offers services
to people, and I think she's priced too
low. And I I was having this
conversation with her, and she I said,
"What what do you charge?" She told me
the price. And I said, "Why do you
charge that?" That's how I asked the
question. Why do you charge that?
And she was telling me about this just a
few about a week ago. It was really
funny. And in in my mind, I that's
perfectly legitimate question. In her
mind, it was such an aggressive affront.
Like, what do you Why do I charge that?
And I'm like, you're worth more. Why do
you charge that? You know, I said, well,
how should I have asked that question?
And I guess normal people would have
said, oh my god, you're worth so much
more than that. Why do you charge that?
You know,
but I don't. I'm just like this. So, I
recognize that in a professional
context, it's one thing. People can deal
with questions like that delivered like
that in a meeting,
but in a relationship, not so much. And
so like sitting in this space, I'm like
going through all of these mistakes or
things that I've done over the course of
years and I'm a little annoyed by
myself. You know, now I know don't want
to live life in a rearview mirror, but I
mean I can still take account and I'm
annoyed, you know, I wish I had these
skills 10 years ago, you know. So, I'm
just sitting in a period of my life
where I just, you know, I would have
liked to have had some of the
experiences
that I haven't had yet. And you know, my
my friends who are in fix it mode,
they're like, "But think of it as an
opportunity. Now you have these skills
and you thank you. I know that. But
allow me to mourn the past. That's my
loneliness. I'm just mourning. I'm in a
period of mourning. I have I can I can
mourn loss, can't I? Like if I if I lose
a friend or a loved one, you know,
allow me to just like mourn and then
I'll move forwards. Like I'm okay. I I I
will move forwards, but allow me to
mourn loss and and that's all I'm doing
is just allow me to mourn the loss and
I'll be fine. Just hold space for me.
Come and sit in the mud with me. Ask me
how I'm feeling. Ask me how I'm doing.
Just let me vent. Just sit in the mud
with me. And you know, again, I think to
your point, I think we just live in a
world where most people are ill equipped
on how to be there for a friend who's
struggling.
Can you give I learned this term the
other day, which I love. I learned it
from Lex Freedman. Can you give the
steelman argument for your friends that
are telling you to
trying to offer advice in your morning
process and trying to get you to be more
future orientated as the steelman
argument I mean is can you give the
argument for why they're doing that and
why it's a good thing
emotions are good it means you're human
like I said I believe in mental fitness
not mental health you know that it's a
that like your body you have to work out
you have to eat well, you have to sleep
all the time. It's not something you do
and then you're done. You know, we've
used that analogy before, you and I,
which is which is what the infinite game
is, which is it's like it's like I want
to be healthy. Okay. Well, it's you're
going to have to do it for the rest of
your life. It's not an event. And our
mental health, our mental fitness is
exactly the same, which is it's it's
constant and it's ups and downs. And
it's only um um a challenge or or you
need to start involving professionals if
you get stuck. You know, like if you get
stuck in sadness and you cannot get out
of it, that's a different that's a
different conversation. If you get stuck
in depression and you cannot get out of
it, if you get stuck in loneliness and
you cannot get out of it, and by the
way, the thing that I love about human
beings is we can have multiple
conflicting feelings simultaneously.
I am lonely and optimistic
simultaneously. My optimism, you know,
I'm I I'm I'm a I'm I pride myself on my
optimism. My optimism has not diminished
in the least. Optimism doesn't mean I
can't sit in a dark tunnel. Optimism
means that I believe there's a light at
the end of the tunnel. Even if that
light is far away, I'm I have an undying
belief that the future is bright. This
this too will pass, right? That doesn't
mean I enjoy it. It doesn't mean I want
to be here and I can be excited and I
can hang out with my friends and I can
have an amazing time with my friends and
then go home and still feel lonely.
Like, you can have simultaneous and
conflicting feelings. That's allowed. In
fact, it's it's it's normal. But I I I
cannot stress I think that the way that
I manage this differently than most. I
don't usually talk about it on podcasts,
but whatever. Um uh but the way I manage
it, which is different than most, is I I
I I don't wait for the phone to ring. I
call a friend and say, "Do you have a
minute? Can I can I talk?" And if a
friend is illquipped, if they start
fixing, I'll interrupt the conversation,
say, "Listen, I love you. this is not
what I need right now. I love you. I
love you. I'm going to get off the phone
right now. Okay? Because when they go
into fix it mode, it actually makes me
feel worse sometimes. The friends that
are some of the best equipped people um
are folks in the military, you know. Um
they know how to manage [__] better than
almost anybody I know. Uh I've cried
with more people in uniform than I've
ever cried with people in suits. Um and
the way that we talk to each other, like
I have a friend who's a general. I've
known him for a million years. So, it's
fun been fun to watch his career. He's
now a general. And when we say goodbye
to each other, we say, "I love you." And
when we get on the phone with each
other, if it's been a long gap, he'll
say to me, "Hey, man." He, first of all,
he calls me brother. "Hey, brother."
Right? Which means something. Hey,
brother. I really miss you. And he says
things that a lot of guys don't say to
each other, you know? Um, he talks to me
like sometimes I talk to my female
friends.
Mhm.
There's it's full of emotion. It's full
of honesty and there's no machismo
whatsoever. And yet he's a warrior. He's
a combat veteran, you know. Um and he'll
say, "Hey man, I I miss you. It's been a
while." I go, "Yeah, I miss you, too."
And then we'll get off the phone. He'll
say, "Hey, I love you. I love you, too.
I'll talk to you soon." And um
though he will I would I mean he and
there a small group like him. Um, you
know, I I would call him in my most
in my darkest times and I know he would
call me. Um, um, I have another friend
and he's going through some [__] and I'm
honored that when I called him up and
said, "Hey, I haven't talked to you.
What you been going through?" You know,
I just realized I haven't talked to him
in a while. And I, "Hey, what you've
been going through?" And he just let it
all out. And I could hear the
frustration. I could hear the pain. And
I didn't try and fix it. I just
encouraged him to keep talking. What
else? Go on. Tell me more. What else? Oh
my god, that must that's really Go on.
Yeah. What else? And just sat in the mud
with him. And it was an it was an honor.
I'll tell you, it was an honor that he
felt comfortable enough
to do that because I guarantee it. He,
like so many, are really good at hiding
it, faking it, suppressing it. He's a
pro. In fact, I'm sure he is where he is
partially because he's a pro. And you
know, if you have the skill set to hold
space for someone, you will have an
amazing sense of gratitude
that your friends trusted you and loved
you enough that they would go there in
front of you.
And I think that's a standard that we
should strive for.
Like I said, we're also preoccupied with
ourselves, you know. Um,
there's no
greater honor
there's no great honor than being able
to serve a friend in need.
When I see, you know, a friend sees you
sat in the mud, a friend sees me sat in
the mud, their
ill-informed love reaction is to try and
get me out of the mud. Right.
Of course, you know,
well-intentioned. I don't knock it. I
know it's well intentioned. How do I get
out the mud? The reason I asked that
question is because I know there's
someone listening to this right now who
is sat in the mud.
In many respects in my life, I'm sat in
the mud.
Um
the the thing we're all looking for is
we want empathy in the fact that we're
sat in the mud, of course. But we're
desperate for a way out of the mud,
right? That's understandable.
Where do where does the plan come from?
Where does how do we get out of the mud?
So I
if it were a prescription, you and I
wouldn't have to work anymore.
Um uh
on the subject matter of loneliness
because it's easier to focus on,
right? So I I I I think in large part
like any cooperative effort, like any
relationship and a friendship is a
relationship, right? Um uh having
colleagues is a relationship. Um, in
some part it's it's it's it's um
co-created, right? You know, you want to
show up in any kind of relationship,
professional or personal, and make it a
co-creation.
And, you know, I think when somebody
first calls you, I I don't think they're
looking for
solutions. They're looking for
companionship and and catharsis.
They're just looking not to feel like
overwhelmed. And at some point,
um, you can either ask, "Can I offer
some pointers? You're not ready for that
yet?"
"No, I'm not ready for that yet."
versus, "Yeah, yeah, go ahead." Or the
person will ask themselves, you know,
what do you think is what do you think?
How do I like what do I do?
you know, or I'll know what to do, but I
don't want to do it. Like, I know what
to do. I just need to do this. And the
person can just say, I'll do it with you
and just offer again companionship. Most
of us, believe it or not, have more
knowledge about how to get out of it
than we think
because we've dispenseed the advice in
the past
probably. You know, I think most of us
have a sense like
it's again I think part of part of it is
is allowing ourselves to feel the feels.
You know, I think if I suppress the
feelings, they would last longer. But
allowing myself to feel the feels I know
is part of the solution. You know, it's
like if you try and suppress feelings,
it makes it just it's not good.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
They're signals, right?
They're signals. They're just sign
that's all they are. And and maybe
they're telling you other things like
maybe it's maybe all of my loneliness is
telling me is like Simon you idiot just
get some sleep. Maybe that's all it's
telling me. Maybe I'm feeling lonely is
because I'm just freaking exhausted.
Turns out I've been sleeping better and
turns out I feel better. You know, maybe
I've been eating crap, you know? Maybe
I'm full of freaking sugar and fat.
Does social expectations play a role? I
am this age and I should be this by now.
Oh. Um,
I think I think that I think we we have
to say yes, right? And like the midlife
crisis is a known thing and you sort of
expect, you know, you hit middle life
and you're like, "All right, you're
going to start evaluating everything.
You know, your receding hairline, your
sagging body, you know, you're you and
comedians joke about it. We joke about
it." But I I think the new thing is the
quarterlife crisis. You know, the number
of friends that I have that are in their
mid20s or or like barely pushing 30 and
they are suffering all the things that
somebody in their midlife would suffer.
And their evaluation is different. It's
not like, oh my god, I'm closer to the
day I'm going to die than the day I was
born. It's not that. It's more like, "Oh
my god, I'm at this age and I haven't
achieved all the things I said I was
going to achieve or I'm just getting
started or I'm and and they and I and I
think now the quarter life crisis is
like a real thing."
Yeah.
And unfortunately older generations
scoff at it, you know, but I think it's
based that is very much societal
expectation. Like I'm supposed to be
here. Like the number of young people I
know who I say you're entry level. Don't
worry if you're running the place yet.
Just even if this is a bad job, if it's
toxic, get out. But there's very few
jobs that are super toxic. You know, if
you just have a bad boss, like stick
with this and learn. Like the learning
you're going to get from a bad like my
first boss was a bad boss
and I was there for a year and a half
and it was one of the best educations I
got. And by the way, the camaraderie
that I built in my team because we all
shared the same bad boss was amazing,
right? So I learned teamwork. I learned
having each other's back. I learned
people taking care of each other. We
learned how to manage and how not to do
things.
I didn't just abandon it because my boss
was bad. My point is is when I say stuff
like that to young people, they
immediately interpret that as the worst
advice ever because I'm wasting time. Or
take a gap year. I can't I'm wasting
time. Like wasting time from what? Like
what race are you? Who are you comparing
yourself to? What standard? like you
know I won't achieve the thing by by by
what like what imaginary
scale are we working on here you know
but there is this very clear imaginary
scale by which younger people young
people are pegging their life against
and the only thing I can offer is my own
is my own experience and I know it's the
worst thing to do because you know when
you're in it you're in it nobody can
think that far ahead but I and it's fun
to think about, right? Cuz I remember
when I was young in my career and things
were just starting to move, there was
this one guy I used to go to for advice
who was very much more successful than
me. Um, really buttoned up, really sort
of, you know, operationsoriented.
And he would constantly give me advice
that either he was basically either
telling me I was an idiot or made me
feel like an idiot by all the things I
wasn't doing or wasn't doing right or
should be doing or could be doing. But
it never felt right to me. And he would
say stupid things to me like, "I won't
get out of bed for, you know, x amount
of thousands of dollars." I'm like, "I
do stuff for free all the time, you
know." And and
if I didn't have my sense of purpose and
cause, if I didn't have my north star,
my why, my my vision to guide me, I
would have listened to him and it would
have been to my detriment.
um uh because he was very finite-minded
and it was very sort of like hit this
target, hit this target and thank
goodness I ignored all the advice and
flash forward my career has completely
eclipsed his. It just took longer.
Mhm. Um, and that's the point is the
point is is that the reason people don't
follow my my ideas, the people, the
reason people reject my books is because
they want my my advice or they want my
perspective to work this year.
And and I and you've and you'll hear
I've used this analogy all the time like
I will tell you how to get into shape. I
will tell you have to exercise 20
minutes a day every day. You have to eat
healthy and you can have you can only
have sugar in days that start with S,
you know. I I I like what Mark Heyman
says, which is, you know, treat sugar
like a recreational drug, you know.
And if you do these things 100% you will
be in shape and you'll be healthy. 100%.
Nobody wants that book,
right? But the problem is you have to do
it. And well, somebody will say, well,
when will I be in shape? And the answer
is I don't know. 100% it works. I don't
know when. And when I discovered
the why and I first articulated the why
and this is also important. It wasn't
just the why. I also discovered um uh
EMTT Rogers work on the law of diffusion
of innovations which I did write about
also in start with Y. That combination
of starting with Y and following the law
of diffusion I realized that 100% it was
going to work. by starting with why I
was going to attract early adopters and
early adopters would make the tipping
point. I didn't know when. I just knew
it would work and I just stuck with it.
And I and I disconnected myself
from any arbitrary
timebased
achievement,
which freaks people out, especially if
you're on a quarterly or annual
financial schedule. But I disconnected.
I knew it would work and I just stuck
with it. Turns out it worked. Some of it
worked quicker than I expected. Some of
it worked slower than I expected. But it
worked. And young people, myself
included, when I was their age, I I'm
not saying I had some like I was 100%
the same. It had to be a discovery for
me. And that discovery didn't come to my
early 30s. So my 20s were me being that
person going, "You're an idiot. I got I
can't waste time." But there's something
magical
about being on the path and just
sticking just sticking just being
disciplined and just sticking to and a
funny thing is as we're talking about
this I don't even I don't think of
myself as a disciplined person. I'm
actually very undisiplined like I'm I
don't have an exercise regime like like
I go in and out. Sometimes it works and
sometimes it doesn't. And I'm just not a
very disciplined person. And I have so
much I have so much respect for people
who are super disciplined. when they
commit themselves to something, they're
they do it and they're just really good
at sticking to the plan. I'm useless at
sticking to the plan, right? And but I'm
realizing now the only discipline I had
was I trusted in these two theories
starting with why and law of diffusion.
So apply that to the topic of someone
who is let's say 35 years old.
Yeah.
36 years old. 37 years old. Yeah.
And they are
they're lonely. Yeah,
I can't tell you how many friends I've
got and how many conversations I have to
the point that I I was think considering
writing a book and going on the process
of research who are saying to me right
now that they are single, they are
lonely. Um, their biological clock is
ticking um and they and the pressure of
them trying to find someone is so
intense that it's causing them to maybe
become less capable of finding someone.
Yeah. So, I'm trying to figure out what
what those people that are listening
need to to help them get out of that.
Well, look, there are people who are
better equipped to answer these
questions than me.
Um, but, you know, I can wax
philosophical
like so many things, you know, and I
I'll use another military analogy,
right? which is
these wonderful human beings who
volunteer to wear that uniform
are willing, many of them are willing to
risk their lives to save the life of
someone they don't even like but they
love, right? Or they trust.
And what people neglect or forget is
that that deep intense trust that they
have for each other does not show up
when they arrive on the battlefield.
They've been building it and the and the
and the organizations for whom they work
know how to build that trust that the
trust exists by the time they get into
combat. And this is when I talk about
command and control. You know, like I
talk about asking people and getting
feedback and all these things, but the
reality is is command and control also
is a real thing. So, you know, if you're
a Marine and you show up in combat, they
talk about that as managing chaos.
That's they they refer to combat as
managing chaos.
Sounds a lot like an entrepreneurial
venture. That is managing chaos, right?
And there are times where you have to be
command and control. But the problem is
is you can't be command and control
before you've earned somebody's trust.
So that you when you're back at home,
you're building trust, building trust,
building trust, building trust, building
trust. So that when we are in chaos and
I yell an order at you, I don't have
time to ask you your feelings. I don't
want your feedback. I don't need your
ideas. I need you to do as I'm telling
you right now. And you have to trust
that I'm making the best decision that I
can. I'm not going to put your life
recklessly at risk. And I even may make
a mistake and people will die because of
my mistakes. My mistakes and that's
still okay.
But you can't do command and control all
the time. It's episodic
and it's earned. And so when when COVID
struck and we first went into lockdown,
I went into command and control. I even
made an announcement to my team like,
"Hey, listen. I know we have a culture
where there's a lot of feedback and if
you're not if there's feelings hurt like
we we have that mechanism and I want to
hear all that stuff but I can't hear it
for another two weeks save it up if I'm
if I'm a bit of a if I'm a bit blunt in
a meeting tell me in two weeks I just I
don't have the bandwidth right now
because what we're doing is survival and
it worked fine that command and control
because I built up the trust it worked
fine the problem is leaders who believe
they can be in command and control all
the time right so what I'm so the reason
I'm telling you this is you're asking
two different questions. One which is
more difficult which is we need to build
these skills when we're healthy
and in a good state of mind so that when
we're in the mud we ourselves have some
equipment and some tools and our friends
that we're going to call have some
equipment and some tools. Right?
You're asking with no equipment and no
tools and I'm sitting in mud. How do I
get out? That is an entirely different
conversation that I am probably the
least equipped
to answer. there are professionals who
are much better equipped to answer that.
And what I'm saying is is is
um uh
for so that we don't find ourselves in
that situation
right now with big smiles on our face.
How's your day? Great. I'm great. Things
are great.
When are you taking that listening
class?
When are you going to practice
mindfulness and meditation? And have you
have you tried meditation?
Yeah. Yeah. My girlfriend Yeah.
My girlfriend's like a yoga meditation.
Okay. So, you're forced to do it.
Yes. Exactly.
Got it.
I have to run away from it,
right? Okay. So, for for if anyone has
ever practiced meditation, you sit still
and you focus on one thing. When they
say clear your mind, that's not true.
You don't clear your mind. That's
impossible. But you do focus on one
thing. Could be your breath. It could be
your mantra. It could be a dot on the
wall. It could be a sound. It doesn't
matter. The point is you focus on one
thing. And when you get distracted or
you have another thought like, "Ooh, did
I leave the oven on?" What you do is you
label that a thought and you push it out
of your mind and you say, "I'll deal
with that later." And you go back to
focusing on the one thing. And
there are tremendous benefits to the
self of uh of of being present and and
calm and clearheaded by practicing
meditation. But that is not the sole
purpose of meditation. Just so you can
be present. In fact, I believe that you
are not present until someone else says
you are. Right? So the reason you
practice meditation is so that when
you're sitting with a friend and they're
telling you about their good day or
their bad day, you are focused on one
thing and one thing only, what they're
telling you as opposed to waiting for
your turn to speak.
And you may have thoughts and you say,
"That's a thought. I'm going to label
that and deal with that later." and you
remain so focused and there's a bang in
the background but your eyes don't leave
your friend because you're so present at
the end of the conversation they will
say to you thank you for listening they
will say thank you for being present
they'll say thank you I feel heard
congratulations you were present
congratulations all that meditation was
worth it now the practice of meditation
though it has benefits to yourself the
reason to practice meditation is as a
service to others
the the ADHD point that you raised
And you've talked a lot about exactly
that, which is um being able to sit and
listen and and and hear.
How did you because it almost sounded
like you you self diagnosed that as
being a playing a part in your your
historic relationship challenges?
How how do you how do you know? Because
I you know what I mean? Cuz if you if
you make that sort of self diagnosis and
then you build a plan around that and
it's the wrong self diagnosis, you know,
you end up in in another
unfortunate place if that makes sense.
So if I if I had self diagnosed myself
based on that experience with my parents
um I could have been aiming at the wrong
target. So it's about this question is
about self-awareness. How does how does
one develop the self awareness? Is it
feedback? I think there's a difference
between
introspection
and awareness with accountability versus
victimization versus victimhood. Right.
By the sound of it, you didn't say, "My
parents did this to me."
No.
Right.
Not useful.
But that's victimization. It's the same
It's the same thing.
I can't have a relationship because my
parents [__] me.
Yeah. because they didn't give me an
effective model and they didn't love me
enough and they didn't hug me enough and
so the reason I can't have relationships
is because of my parents.
Dismpowering.
It's disempowering. It's also
victimhood, right? Uh whereas
um okay well the cards that I was dealt
um I got a lot of good cards for some
things and in some places me maybe I got
to work a little harder on this one. So
the cards that I was dealt from family I
hold no grudge. I'm not angry at them.
They didn't have the tools. It's okay.
And um I don't I don't curse them for
it. They don't have the tools. But um I
I'm gonna have to learn the tools. You
know, other people learn it from their
parents. I'm going to have to learn it
from other sources. And I could say the
same thing about listening skills. You
know, some parents are really good at
holding space for their kids, and those
kids will learn how to hold space for
their friends because it was modeled by
their parents.
And some parents don't have the tools to
hold space for their kids. Or maybe they
work in really really horrible jobs and
so they come home and they're
short-tempered. And so, you know,
there's a chain of causation there. And
um and the kids uh aren't learning those
skills, they're going to have to learn
it from somewhere else. That's why I say
we have to teach it at work. We have to
teach these skills at work because we or
in universities because we cannot take
for granted that people are learning
these skills at home or with their
friends. What if I just smell though?
Like, and I totally [__] miss the
target and I just stink. Like, I just
like I have really bad body odor, but I
thought, do you know what what it is is
I'm I'm just too picky. So, I'm trying
to figure out how we become more
self-aware as to what the real issue is.
Now, you it sounded like you'd spoken to
some of your exes or something or
I I have great relationships with many
of my exes and there's one ex I have in
particular where we broke up. We got
back together. We broke up properly and
uh she hated me for a while. Uh I
probably blamed her for the breakup. I'm
sure we blamed each other. Then at some
point we sort of like calmed down and we
went out for dinner
and we sat at the bar. I even remember
the restaurant. We sat at the bar and we
literally dissected the relationship.
And we didn't do it with accusation.
What we did was we didn't say we didn't
sit down and say you did this, you did
this, you did this, which is how we were
for the previous, you know, whatever six
months in our minds. We sat down and
said, "Oh my god, I'm so sorry. I did
this, I did this, and I did this." And
sometimes the other person affirmed,
"Yeah, you did that." You know, but we
showed up with accountability rather
than accusation. And at the end of
dinner, we we hug each other with
immense gratitude because it is so rare
that you get to sit down with an ex and
take not only take accountability for
the things that you screwed up, but
learn about other things you screwed up
and learn about how you were received
even if you thought you were doing
things right. And you you know, in
everything else, if you have a failed
business venture, you sit down and you
you have a hotwash. You sit down and you
sort of like go back and see what went
wrong so you don't make the same
mistakes. You do that in almost every
respect of our lives professionally, but
very rarely do you ever get the
opportunity personally because usually
the two people don't want to talk to
each other anymore, right? But we sat
and by the way, there was no expectation
that a friendship was going to come out
of this. We just sort of like I don't
know why we showed up, but we both did
and we would both admit that it was one
of the greatest things we could ever
have done. Um because we got to find out
how we were in the relationship, which
usually you never find out where you
are. So to go back to your point, I
think feedback is the thing, you know,
um you know, the only common factor in
all our failed relationships is us, you
know, you could you you don't you know,
it's their fault only lasts for a
period. At some point, there's some
accountability to be had. And if you
don't know what it is, there's something
to be said for picking up the phone and
calling an ex. And I don't mean the one
that just ended up like a week ago, but
like give it a give it some time.
calling an old ex and say I know you're
probably surprised to hear from me and
by the way you know it's it's been a
long time I know and the reason I'm
calling is because I'm really taking
myself on and first of all I uh I
probably owe you a bunch of apologies
for how I showed up in the relationship
but I really want to learn how I showed
up. Are you willing to have a
conversation and just tell just give me
some some point of view that I don't
have. Do
you know if I did that with my ex,
right?
Yeah. Um, I I don't believe there's
anything that they would say that would
surprise me. However, I do think they'd
say things that I've never acknowledged.
Does that make sense?
Um, at my core, I think I'd go, "Yeah,
now you said it." Do you know what I
mean? [__]
So, that's a real So, then it it gives
you a space. Look, you can't screw up
that relationship. It's screwed up.
So, in that space, you can be like,
"Yeah, I did that." And you're not
risking anything. Even the most
introspective people in the world
don't have total objectivity on
themselves
and can't see all the angles.
Um you don't have to agree with things.
That's the thing you know which is just
because somebody says something doesn't
mean that it's true.
The the way the way we when we do
360deree uh feedback sessions in our
company for example the the counsel we
offer is
you you know you have to listen to what
the person is saying. The only thing
you're allowed to say in response is
thank you because they're giving you a
gift by giving you this feedback that
they would rather not give you because
it's easier for them not to give it to
you. So just say thank you. Don't argue.
Don't give excuses. Don't explain. Just
say thank you.
And you don't have to agree with it. You
can ignore it. However, we say if you
have an emotional response to it like
anger,
it's probably true.
Did you have an emotional response
to some of it? Sure. Of course. And if
you dis if you disagree, you just you
say you listen to it and you go, "No,
that's not true." Right? Um but if you
have an emotional response to something
where you start getting agitated or
angry or wanting to defend yourself,
that nerve that they touched, h maybe
there's a there there.
I wonder if you have a thought an
opinion on this. One of the
conversations that's adjacent to this I
probably do.
You probably do, which is great.
Um, one of the kind of adjacent
conversations that I've often had with
my friends when we're talking about love
and dating, I think when we go for
dinner, we often have this as well, is
is it becoming harder because of the
design and the nature of the modern
world for us to find love and to keep it
because you know once upon a time my
argument might assert that we lived in
villages there was 20 people that I told
a story the other day to my team that I
worked in this call center in Manchester
20 of us in this call center many many
years ago and first couple of days in
didn't wasn't interested in anybody. I
got 6 months in, fell in love with the
girl next to me. And I I I almost equate
that to like the village. We have a very
small context, so it was easier to find
love.
Is the design of the modern world making
it more difficult, do you think, for us
to find love?
So I think well simple answer is it's
definitely added a layer of complication
because now love is treated like
shopping. You know, we shop for partners
like we shop for [__] on Amazon. You
know, it's like you scroll through, you
find one that looks good, and you click
like.
Good reviews
and you Yeah, good reviews. Look, it's
definitely convenient and it's
definitely made life a lot easier. And
you never have to deal with rejection
because you don't know if they swiped
left on you. You just assume that they
never saw your picture, right? Like it
doesn't actually say rejected, you know?
Um uh uh I think the problem with it is
is it's grass is always greener because
it's so easy, you know, to just go
swiping. Uh and you know, sometimes you
treat it like Instagram. You know, I'll
I've done this where I've sat in my bed
late at night because instead of looking
at social media, I'm looking at a dating
app and I'm swiping right like I'm
clicking like on a post and then it says
you're connected. I'm like, "Ah, damn
it." because I don't actually want to
like go through the effort of like
connecting. I was just I was just liking
the post, you know. Um Scott Galloway
talks about this. Uh I can't remember
what the numbers I can't remember what
the numbers are, but the point the point
is is there's a massive disparity of men
that just don't ever connect.
Um and there's nothing more dangerous in
a modern society than a lonely man,
right? And if you look at terrorism and
if you look at mass homicide and things
like that, it's very often a lonely man,
you know, and you add in sex and um uh
and
um and incelss and you know, you know,
the Middle East for example, you know,
it's 25% at during the height of
terrorism, you know, a bunch of years
ago, it was 25% unemployment in the
region in in a shame based society where
you have young men living at home and
who aren't employed and they've never
had sex because there's no sex before
marriage and how are you ever going to
meet a girl when you live at home and
you don't have a job and then all of a
sudden that stress comes out somewhere
and I think we don't talk about sex and
sexuality as a part of um our other
behaviors and I I for some reason
because we we've we think it's bad to
connect you know sex life with how
people show up in the world but you take
somebody who's sexually frustrated a
sexually frustrated men in their mid to
late 20s
um and all of that pressure and
insecurity and you know now desperation
like it comes out in horrible ways and
the the need to exert control comes out
in horrible ways different conversation
Scott Galloway I said you know has some
fantastic numbers on this so I think um
you know the dating apps uh aren't
necessarily
fair that's one thing you know it's not
like everybody everybody's going to find
somebody. But I do think that there's
something wrong with shopping for
people. Um, and I the thing that I
lament about dating apps that's really
and maybe this is just me. Uh, cuz I'm
hate first dates.
Um, oh god,
the worst. Um, but the reason you know
them pre pre-dating
apps or let's not pre-dating apps, it's
just when there's no dating app being
used. The way that we traditionally
would meet somebody is you meet them at
a party, at a dinner party, you meet
them at the pub, you, you know, you bump
into them at a museum, you make small
talk, or you eye them up from across the
room, and there's some attraction. And
then one of you musters up the courage
to go up and start flirting and have a
conversation. And at some point, you
say, "Can I get your number? I'd love to
I'd love to continue this." And they'll
say, "Yes, or no." And the flirting and
the initial trashing has already
happened. And so the first date is
actually the first date after the
initial attraction and flirting. Now
with dating apps, the flirting, the
initial attraction, the attempt to court
someone is all happening simultaneously
on the first date. There's a lot there's
a lot of pressure for a first meeting
where, you know, when you meet somebody
in in IRL, it's like, you know, it's
happened. The initial attraction has
already happened. Um, there's no
expectation they're not they're not
going to look like their picture.
They're going to look like exactly what
they're going to look like when you met
them.
And it's dinner, so they could be 3
hours allocated. It could be expensive
meal,
whatever it is. Um, I don't I I think
there's nothing quote unquote wrong with
online dating. I just think we we like
everything. Like there's nothing wrong
with online shopping,
but there's the reason that bricks and
mortar stores still exist and that
Amazon is opening stores. It's because
people like to go shopping. It's a
hunter gatherer thing. Like there's
entertainment. It's more than the than
the purchase. It's more than the
transaction. It's the browsing we enjoy,
you know? It's it's in our DNA, you
know? and and and I think that there's
nothing wrong with online, but I think
that that making an effort to do, you
know, in real life things
should be should be included, should be
balanced. You know, it's like I like
everything in the world, I'm a great
believer in balance. I don't usually
rail for or against something. I'm
usually about talking about balances and
imbalances. Even social media like much
so much has been said about you know
what I've said about social media and
millennials etc. I'm not against it. I'm
talking about balance and it's out of
balance you know uh uh you know even
corporate culture you know I'm not
against many of the modern things. I'm
against the imbalance you know
capitalism is unbalanced in in its
current form. So when we usually feel
discomfort or anger or frustration it's
usually due to the imbalances.
Um, isn't that what where this
conversation started? You know, that you
know, feelings of loneliness,
something's out of balance, you know,
and this is why I call it fitness rather
than health because fitness is the
attempt to maintain equilibrium, to find
balance. Sometimes it tips one way and
sometimes it tips the other way. And
it's you're constantly working to
maintain balance. That's what all of
this stuff is. Business is the same.
You're an entrepreneur. It's feast or
famine. Like, it's never the right
amount, you know, and you're constantly
working on balance. And I think that's
why that's the strongest argument for
playing the long game, which is it's
always teetering.
That means you have to constantly be
alert and constantly be working because
if it tips too far good,
it's going to tip the other way. Don't
don't rest on your laurels. Make make
sure you have got money in the bank.
Like stock markets just don't go
straight up. It's not how it works,
right? At the same time, when it goes
the other way, it's like don't worry,
this too shall pass. this also won't
last. Start working on some skills that
you maybe haven't worked on. Start
reaching out to people. Start
apologizing. You know, if you've been so
self-involved with yourself and now
you're in a lonely place. Sometimes
being lonely like is calling up a friend
and saying, "I've been an [__] and I
am sorry." And I'm looking I'm in a
really dark place right now. And I'm
just looking back thinking, "Oh my god,
I've been so self-involved
that there's no one around me to be
there for." And I am so so sorry. You
know, and again, it goes right back to
everything we were talking about, which
is it's a it's accountable for my it's
accountable for me versus victim of me,
you know, that that I'm not a victim of
the world around me, you know? Um,
what impact has that had on your
self-esteem?
The the the realization, the awareness
that you you are feeling lonely, has it
had any impact on your self-esteem at
all? Does it? especially some of those
confronting some of those tough truths
from the past.
It's a good question. You know, again,
I'll go back to what I said before. I'll
go back to what I said before, which is
um
you can have we can have multiple
feelings at the same time even if those
feelings are opposite. So, I can be
insecure and confident at the same time,
right? But so much of it is situational,
right? I'm not insecure every moment of
every day. Of course not. Nobody is. But
I'm not confident every moment of every
day. Of course not. Nobody is. And if
you're stuck in one of those things,
then there's a problem. If like if you
really are overly confident every moment
of every day with no actual self-doubt
in your mind, there's something wrong
there. There's something there
divergence going on there, right? Um we
know this. We know that narcissists are
actually filled of self-loathing. You
know, for all their bluster and power,
they hate themselves, right? We know
this. Um and again, I think it's all
situational. I think it's all and so and
I've I I I've talked about this which is
which is I don't believe in you and I
have talked about this which is I don't
believe in strengths and weaknesses or
right or wrong. I believe everything is
contextual. So you know people do these
evaluations what are my strengths what
are my weaknesses. know what are your
characteristics and what are your
attributes and then once you know those
things you have to know in what contexts
those characteristics or attributes are
advantages and in what contexts those
attributes are disadvantages and work
very hard to put yourself in context
where you're going to be working to your
strengths. So if you have a natural
capacity for maths, right, you're just
really you're just really good. Like
people say out numbers and you just add
them up in your head immediately and you
don't have to pull out your fingers,
right? You're just good at it, right?
Put yourself in a situation where that's
an advantage. If if you are maths like
incapable,
don't become an accountant, no matter
how many people tell you it's a good
thing to become an accountant, right?
It's just not going to go well for you.
So you can go down the list of our
personal attributes and I have
attributes
um where for example I think out loud.
Is that a strength or a weakness?
Context dependent.
Context dependent, right? Put me on a
stage, ask me a question, let me wax
philosophical, give me a podcast on a
microphone, give me one question, and
four hours later, you know, I'm still
talking. You know, advantage, right?
sit me down on a team when I'm having a
team meeting and somebody says something
and I'm thinking out loud. I'm now
dominating the meeting.
Maybe I need to learn how to
scale that back a little bit. In the
diary of a CEO, we have hundreds of
questions that have been left by our
guests. And we've put them on these
cards. And on these cards, you have the
question that's been left in the Diver
CEO, the name of the person who wrote
the question. And if you turn it over,
there's a QR code. If you scan that
code, you can see which guest answered
the question and watch the video of them
answering it. Every time I've done this
podcast and every time we've asked the
kind of questions we ask here, I feel a
tremendous sense of affinity to the
guest. And our aim with these cards is
that you can create that sense of
connection through vulnerability at home
with the people you love the most. And I
have some good news for you. As of
today, you can add your name to the
waiting list to be the first in line to
get your own set of conversation cards
at the conversation.com.
That is the conversationcards.com.
Over the last couple of how long, maybe
4 months, I've been changing my diet,
shall I say? Many of you who've really
been paying attention this to this
podcast will know why. I've sat here
with some incredible health experts and
one of the things that's really come
through for me which has caused a big
change in my life is the need for us to
have these superfoods, these green
foods, these vegetables. And then a
company I love so much and a company I'm
an investor in and then a company that
sponsored this podcast and that I'm on
the board of recently announced a new
product which absolutely spoke to
exactly where I was in my life and that
is Hu and they announced Daily Greens.
Daily Greens is a product that contains
91 superfoods, nutrients, and
plant-based ingredients, which helps me
meet that dietary requirement with the
convenience that Hule always offers.
Unfortunately, it's only currently
available in the US, but I hope I pray
that it'll be with you guys in the UK,
too. So, if you're in the US, check it
out. It's an incredible product. I've
been having it here in LA for the last
couple of weeks, and it's a game
changer. What are those layers that
you've you've peeled off recently? I I
can think of layers that I've peeled off
in the last, you know, couple of months
with with people close to me that I was
always scared to peel off before, but
I've had to in order
like what
um so with my girlfriend, I you know, I
reflect and I go I don't think I ever
told her truly that I'd ever had like a
bad day
or that I was like feeling bad about
anything. I think I'd always just had
this wall up. I thought because part of
me stupidly thought that if I tell her
when I'm having a bad day or I'm feeling
anxious or whatever, then she'll start
talking about it and it'll make me more
anxious and then I'll have to calm her
down. So, I just give it to myself. And
then in the last, you know, in the last
3 to 6 months when I felt anxious,
yep,
I've told I slowly ran the experiment of
what happens if I just tell her about a
little bit of it.
Yeah.
That experiment went well. So, I told
her that a little bit more and to the
point now where I've told her completely
how I'm feeling even on my best and
worst days.
Um,
and I would never have done that before
because it made me feel weak.
Yep.
It made me feel like I was like not the
tough masculine boyfriend that she would
be attracted to.
Obviously, and I have to say this
surprisingly, it's caused deeper
connection
of course
and deeper understanding which is
exactly what I needed. I needed
understanding. I needed and I also
created a space where we could say,
"Listen, when I'm feeling like this,
this is how I'd love you to to respond,
which often is just like
just just listen just sit in the mud
with me." Yeah.
Yeah. Exactly. And don't don't don't
necessarily say anything. Don't try, you
know, your point about fixing it. My
girlfriend, she's so through all of her
love and and I'm the same with her and
I'm just the same with everybody. I will
always try and fix.
Yeah. It it men are worse than women
come when it comes to fixing. Uh I I've
been on the receiving end of that. I
dated somebody who if I asked her, "How
are you?" Great, was the only answer she
ever gave me.
That's all I've ever said to people.
And uh and it actually made it very
difficult for me to get close to her
because I knew that she was having bad
days. I could tell when she was
frustrated and she and so when somebody
puts on that brave face and always wants
to be great for their partner, it's the
most selfish thing you can do because
you're denying them that awesome joy of
being able to be there for you. M
remember as social animals we want to
take care of the people we love and how
dare you how dare you deny them the the
unbelievable honor of getting to sit in
the mud with you. You know it is it is a
joy that human beings get to experience.
And one of the things if you can by the
way the biology proves it that one of
the things that releases oxytocin which
is that feeling of love and connection
and trust is shared struggle. Shared
struggle releases oxytocin, which is why
when families go through tragedy, they
get closer. Which is why when societies
go through hurricanes, there's intense,
you know, politics get put aside and we
support each other, right? And it's the
same in a relationship, which is if you
allow someone to sit and struggle with
you, it actually deepens the
relationship
biologically.
Um, so but what we're talking about is
risk. What we're talking about is being
vulnerable, making, you know, and it
requires more courage, as you've
learned. It actually requires more
strength to say, "I'm anxious today,"
than it does to lie and say,
"Everything's great." That's the irony.
Superficially, it's stronger, but in
reality, it's cowardice. And by the way,
that doesn't make it easy. The words are
easy, and I've definitely been there,
and you've been there. Um but I I think
that if we like someone um and it only
and I always say leadership is about
going first. It's why we call you
leader, right? Doesn't mean you're have
the answers. It doesn't mean you're
right. It just means you st stepped
first into the unknown that we uh took
the risk to go first. And so in a
relationship, one of you can take the
lead.
One of you can go first to set the
example of what it looks like and feels
like to say, "I'm having a bad day
today. And I don't need you to fix it. I
know what I'm going through. I want you
to I want to tell you all of this stuff
because I want you to be there with me
and I want to be there with you cuz I
don't want to feel this way alone." And
that key second step which I I learned
literally in the car this weekend with
my partner was you then need to work
with them to educate them on and vice
versa on how you would like to be held
correct
in that moment which is actually a
really difficult thing because
um for example I give you an example
with me and my partner when I'm going
through those moments I go really quiet
y
I shut down I'm glued to my phone and so
if she says something to me I My brain
almost viewed it as like why is she
bothering me in my hard moment? So I
might say something like babe I'm just
dealing with something and then it it
always seemed to me like she'd ask me
more questions of course.
Hey babe look at this. Come look at
this. Look at this.
I'm trying.
I'm thinking I just told her that
I'm dealing with something. She's making
it worse. She's trying to give me more
stuff to deal with.
So I had this conversation with her. I
go and I said to her let's let's just
create a safe space here.
This is how I feel. I feel like when I'm
going through something and I'm dealing
with something and I shut down and look
at my phone, the amount of irrelevant
questions you ask me then increased
considerably. And then she gave me her
perspective on that situation. Then we
kind of um formed a deal about in those
moments
the first thing I'm doing wrong is I'm
going babe I'm dealing with something
and I'm saying with with a certain tone
and a lack of love and empathy that's
immediately making her feel abandoned
and rejected
of course.
So I'm going babe I'm dealing with
something. So she said to me, "If you
say it in this way, if you say, "Babe, I
love you, but could I just have five
minutes because something's something's
up and I just need to work through
this?" Her reaction would have been
totally different.
Of course.
And it and having that second stage of
like, "Let's find a solution together
and understand each other was so
difficult." But going back to my
question,
well, it goes back to what we said
before, which is business partnerships,
personal relationships, friendships are
acts of co-creation.
Yeah. And so I have definitely been
guilty of checklisting people
professionally and personally. Oh, they
have this, they have this, they don't
have this.
I guess I could do without that one, you
know. And and the problem with a
checklist is people can feel it, you
know. Um, and I keep complaining this. I
said I have a bad picker. It's because I
would show up with my checklist early in
my in my in my 20s. And you know, if
they were strong, which is the kind of
person I want to date, they would be
like, "This idiot has his checklist. I
can't meet everything on his checklist.
He's not for me."
Right? And so what I ended up was
attracting was people who would mold and
bend to fit my checklist. And then I'm
like, but then I don't even know who you
are. Bad picker. My fault. Right? Take
full accountability. But the point is is
like I go to pain saying, "I might have
preferences. I have a couple of deal
breakers." You know, I think everybody
shouldn't know their deal breakers, but
the amazing thing is is we I actually
have fewer deal breakers than I thought
I did.
What are your deal breakers?
Not talking about them.
You set that up. Sorry.
No, that's my That's for me.
Fair enough.
That's for me. This is not a dating app.
I can tell you my deal breakers.
Great. I'd love to hear them. So, uh uh
I mean, look, there's some obvious ones,
right? some of my dealbreakers, you
know,
somebody I I want somebody who who who
who's who's who's taking themsel on.
They're in they're in constant growth
and constant improvement, right?
Somebody who thinks they've got it all
figured out. This is not going to work
out, you know. Um obviously, you know,
integrity, somebody who lives a life of
service is really matters to me. Like
when somebody like all they're driven by
is money, cash, fame, fortune, success,
you know, like anybody who posts a
picture of themselves on a private jet
on a dating app is an immediate no. You
know, it's like, right? Like, of course,
those are some basics because those are
my my values. I'm I'm serviceoriented
and I and I I don't I and I need to some
I need to date somebody who's passionate
about something. It doesn't matter if
it's been commercially successful or
not. That's not what I care about. But
you have to have a love for something.
A passion. Something that like excites
you and gets you out of bed. Even if you
don't get to do it all the time. I don't
care if you're a painter. I don't care
if you're trying to change the world. It
can be big. It can be small. Just have a
love for something.
Should I give you my three that I
please?
So I I was through my early 20ies. I was
I love that you wrote them down and you
know them
because there's only three of them. They
used to be 300. So it' be like this
color hair, this color height, this
color, this, this. I want it to be this
shape and this size. And then I was
like, how do I consolidate this down?
So, I came down to three things that are
important.
First one is quite surprising to some
people, but sexual attraction,
of course,
because I've had physical attraction
without the sexual attraction.
Um, but I've never had it almost the the
other way around.
Good distinction.
So, I've had physical attraction where
I've dated someone who's absolutely
beautiful and then there wasn't sexual
chemistry there. So, I pri prioritize
sexual attraction, which I think is
important. The next one is
intellectually stimulating.
Intellectually, which is what you've
described, where they have a passion. I
might not even believe it's true or like
it or care, but the the fact that it
stimulates me and they can we can have a
conversation. They can teach me.
Yes. Exactly. Me and my girlfriend, she
she believes in all these things I don't
believe in.
But she'll sit there and tell me that,
you know, something with crystals in
this glass of water. I don't believe it.
She has doesn't have an expectation that
I'll believe it, but I'm peering into a
new world of breath work and
spirituality. And right,
I do believe in breath work. Anyway, um
and the third one is that we make each
other better people. Really, I'm going
to be honest, it was a bit more selfish.
it was actually that she makes me a
better person, but I'm willing to give
that back obviously and I want to give
that back. And what I mean by that is in
my mission, in the work that I love to
do,
they support me. So those three things,
I think if I can find someone that has
all three.
So I think you've you've summed up my
three as well. I went way more specific,
which is why I rejected the question.
But if I take it up a few thousand feet,
okay,
sexual attraction, 100%. And I think
you're it's a great distinction between
physical attraction and sexual
attraction. So I I I agree with those
three. Those are my three too. The way I
used to describe I still describe
relationships. I think great
relationships are based on what I call
3+ 1
which is you have to have uh and it's
the same list. That's the funny thing.
You have to have uh intellectual
compatibility which is you teach and
learn.
You have to have emotional compatibility
where you're showing up to grow
together, right? You can find
vulnerability and hold space for each
other. You have to have sexual
compatibility which I consider part of
creativity. So, creative and sexual
camp, which is not physical attraction,
it's sexual attraction and create and
like I said, creativity. And you can
have a good relationship with one and a
half or two of those.
But you can't have a great relationship
without three. Yes. Because they they're
not all on high at the same time. They
sort of
they go up and down and they they they
wax and wayne. And so, you need the
others to hold each other hold the
others up when one is down.
That's a good point.
That's why you need all three because
like I said, you can have a ton of fun
with one or two of them,
but great requires all three. And the
plus one is circumstances.
Ah, like timing, location,
timing, location. Like I've met people
who are threes
and they're married and their kids and
they're happily married and we look at
each other and go at a different time.
It might have worked, but definitely not
now. And we just smile and we go on. Or
I've met somebody who lives on the other
side of the world and I'm not moving,
they're not moving. and you shrug and
you go, "Uh, if circumstances were
different and you know, it's like and
you just it's not a it's not a sad
thing. It's just a it's a smile, you
know. It's like
I've met I you know, and and by the way,
I've dated one and a halfs and twos and
they're amazing people, but they're
those three things."
It's so true. The reason I know that
that
it's so funny that my three plus one
is Yeah.
is your three. Yeah.
It's exactly the same list. Well, I I've
I've dated the only reason I have those
three is because I've dated someone who
had two,
right?
And I've had two. So, I've
You had all the permutations of two,
but there's always been one missing. And
so, I I remember thinking
in the woman that I thought I was going
to marry that was missing this one
thing. Um if she just had that one
thing, then I I genuinely believed I
would have been happy. And I'm thinking
about this particular person from many
years ago. She's married. She's got a
kid now and everything. I think I'm I um
I lost out there, but I'm very very more
happy myself. But she just missed one of
those things. And then I can think of my
previous relationship like, "Oh, if they
just had that one thing." So now I found
someone who I genuinely
Yeah.
Whether she's listening or not, has all
three. And I go, "That's me. Let's go to
the till." You know what I mean? Like
the thing the thing that I'm
appreciating, there's two things I'm
appreciating. One, she has all three,
but you have to have all three for her.
Oh,
I hope so.
Right. Cuz like she has to find you
sexually attractive. She has to find you
intellectually stimulating. And she has
to make she has to find that you're
emotionally available for her, which
means when you're having a bad day, you
have to say, "I'm having a bad day," not
be great all the time. Otherwise, you're
only a two to her. If you're actively
being strong all the time, then you're
only a two to her, and you'll only ever
be a two to her. So, there you go. So,
it's all fine and good for you and I to
have our our three plus one, but we have
to have the three for them, too. And
that's the work.
That fluctuation point is so important.
Yeah. Because sometimes we just we have
two in our relationship. Yeah. Two of
the three. Yeah. Yeah,
but the other two are very important to
hold us through that
and they and it's unpredictable as to
when they go up and down and sometimes
you're not sexually compatible and
you're just snuggling and that's all you
want to do and you don't want to do
anything more than that. But that's okay
cuz the the vulnerability is so deep and
the intellectual is so high that it's
okay. Like it the relationship is really
very very good. You're both very happy.
Should we make this dating app or should
we let someone else steal the idea cuz
there's going to be someone out there
that's going to get the 3+ one app. I
think we should I think we should make
it.
Okay.
Um and we should call it 3+ 1.
I love that.
So, I guess I do know my list and that's
that's the three. And if I look back at
my my failed relationships and again,
personal accountability included, you
know, I think that in some cases I
definitely did not present myself in one
of those things. Um, or like I said, the
act of co-creation is really I'm this is
to me is like like the biggest insight
that I've learned about myself in my own
dating life, which is which is, and I
love what you said, which is I'm not
into her crystals and all of that stuff,
and she knows it. You're not pretending
that you are,
right?
And you're okay with the fact that, you
know, she wants crystals to guide her
life, and she's okay with the fact that
you don't. And I think that's really
important, which is the number of people
I meet who say, "Well, I'm into crystals
and he's into crystals. This is going to
work." And I'm thinking
may maybe, but or worse, they go, "He's
not into crystals. I could never date
him." Right? And it's not a question
whether they're into it or not. It's a
question whether they are open to
learning from you and they're not
rolling your their eyes when you start
speaking, you know, uh or vice versa. Um
you know, there's I forgotten his name.
There's a famous relationship therapist
who can tell in the first five minutes
if a couple that's come to see him are
going to survive or not. And the test is
when one of them starts talking and the
other one rolls their eyes, it's over.
Professor Drum Cotman.
Is is that I I did a
You did a thing with him. I did a thing
on him. So, I've like
So, good, right?
Yeah. It's contempt.
Yeah. It's it's contempt and and and
what it is, it's not just contempt. It's
it's intolerance,
right? Like, you idiot or how can you be
so stupid?
Unressed resentment or oh god, you know,
and I think when somebody starts talking
about their crystals and you start
rolling your eyes, it's it's over. If
somebody talks about their crystals and
you can say it's not my thing, but
tell me. I genu I genuinely want to
learn
and I'm open to some of it. I want to
learn things I know nothing about. I
like my my my last girlfriend is so good
at the thing she's passionate about.
She's so good at it. And she'll send me
pictures when she's working on something
of something she's working on. And I
just like I'm so blown away about how
good she is at the thing she does. I get
joy out of seeing her be so good at her
thing,
you know? It's I love it. Um. Uh.
Do you miss her?
We're still very close friends.
Have you experienced heartbreak?
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, I have.
You mean like Yeah. Yeah.
Romantic heartbreak?
Yeah, sure.
I think I mean like I think I've had all
the things.
I think I posted something the other day
about just how it's the most incredible
incredible feeling. Not as in awful.
Yeah. But it's an incredible because
it's so deep and so
prevailing
that I actually think it teaches you a
lot about the nature of what it is to be
a human.
I think this is a perfect we've got in a
beautiful circle here which is to
experience heartbreak though awful.
Um again it goes back to balance right
in all sadness there is less than joy.
In all happiness there is um um there's
a cost right always there's a cost for
everything good in our lives and there's
less than an opportunity and everything
bad or negative right so you know all of
the things that I've done that have
brought me tremendous happiness
tremendous joy I I I know some of those
costs and it's only bad if the cost
wasn't worth it but in in most cases the
cost was worth it and I did it with eyes
wide open right um and when there has
been pain or loneliness, I'm learning
about myself. I'm learning about my
friends. Um, I'm learning about how I
want and need somebody to show up for
me, which means that in those good
times, I can equip them and I can be
better equipped myself. I can say, "Hey,
listen. If this ever happens, I know I
know what I know how you can hold space
for me. You just have to say these three
things. I need you to do this and you'll
be amazed how how responsive I can be in
that situation. To your point about
learning how to communicate with your
girlfriend, you know about when you're
feeling anxious and you need five
minutes to yourself, right? And as I I'm
going to say this over and over and over
again, which is successful relationships
are acts of co-creation. And to have a
successful act of co-creation, you both
have to be really equipped to listen and
and and to volunteer information to help
the other person. In other words, when
we talk about what we need, we're giving
somebody tools. And when we learn to
listen, we're gaining tools. And the
goal is to help them fill up their
toolbox and to work very hard to fill up
your own. So filling up your own is
about listening. And filling up theirs
is about being an effective
communicator. And now when you both have
tools, you can go build something
together. Because if only one of you has
tools, the thing you're going to build
is going to be weak. Um, and a business
partnership, a creative partnership, a
personal partnership. They're acts of
co-creation. And that that insight has
come from failed relationships.
And thank goodness, some very strong,
smart, wonderful women who've told me,
"Do you know what your problem is?" And
I listened.
And I asked you 20 minutes ago what wall
you bro you'd pulled down. I said, you
know, the layers of the onion you've
peeled back. I shared mine.
Yeah. I said with my girlfriend, I've
started to tell her when I'm when I'm
really feeling. I've never done that
before. What are those walls that you've
recently pulled down so that people can
come inside?
I've become much better at understanding
how some of my symptoms of ADHD show up
in relationships, which I just was
unaware of. And so instead of taking
total accountability, which I do, I take
accountability for showing up. I'm now
able to explain them so somebody can
look for them and point them out when
they're happening happening. So I can
take accountability because it's about
some of it's about awareness, right? And
so I literally can say very early in a
relationship, you may experience this
with me dot dot dot. If it happens, I
know that I do it. Please just point it
out and I will know. I have the tools.
I'm just sometimes unaware that it's
happening. Right? And
so I'm asking for co-creation. I'm
saying, look, I'm in this. I'll take I
take all the accountability for my own
behavior. Sometimes I just need you to
tell me when I'm doing it. And so I'm
I'm asking for help, right? Um and like
I said, leadership is about very often
just going first. And if if either
person in the relationship goes first,
it gives a safe space for the other
person to say, "Well, let me tell you
about me." Um uh and I think being open
to feedback allows you to give feedback,
too. Um but for me, the huge insight
that I wish I'd known before, which is
even though I may have said it, I didn't
know how to do it. the act of
co-creation, you know, I whenever you
hear relationship like really successful
relationships, you always hear both the
partners say it's a lot of work.
Yeah.
And like I never really understood that
like if it's such a like I look at my
great friendships.
I mean I wouldn't say there's a lot of
work, you know, they flow and but I
guess the def with the defin the
difference with a friendship is like I
don't have to see them every moment of
every day. And and I think the work is
that act of co-creation. I thought the
work was sacrifice when I heard great
relationships going, "Oh, it's a lot of
work." I thought, "Well, the not
sleeping at night and then he can't
watch the football every time he wants
to watch it." I didn't think it was
active work. I thought it was the stuff
that you didn't get to do.
That's funny. Yeah. It's it's it's not
sacrifice, it's service.
Yeah.
And and and again, you know, it's really
funny, you know, my experience with the
military versus private sector. So, if I
do anything pro bono in private sector,
and this is since the dawn of time,
right? If I do anything as a favor to a
company, almost always they will
continue to take and take and take and
take until I put my hands up and go,
"Okay, we're done. This is enough."
Right? The military, it's the total
opposite. I'll do something as a as a
favor to somebody and I will never hear
from them ever again. And the reason
they don't call me is for fear that they
will look like they're taking advantage.
And I have to sit down with these
people, these wonderful human beings.
And I found a way. I said, "Do you
realize I got a I found a way to get
them to call me, which is I'm like, "Do
you realize when you don't call me, you
deny me the opportunity to serve my
country?" And that gets them every time.
But the reason I bring it up is it's the
same in a relationship, which is when
you don't call me and ask me for help.
When you don't call me and say, "I need
to cry." when you don't call me and say
I'm in the mud. You deny me the
opportunity,
the joy,
the honor of sitting in the mud with
you. Not joy, honor. You deny me the
honor because it's not always fun. You
deny me the honor of sitting in the mud
with you. And I remember telling one of
my close friends, I said, we were we
were riding bikes somewhere and I just
out of the blue, I don't know why it hit
me. I I turned to him and I said, "You
know, you're one of those friends that
if I was really in the [__] I would
call you."
And his reaction is he didn't say thank
you. He said, "I'd be mad if you
didn't."
And I've done that to friends.
I've done that to friends. A a friend of
mine who who is struggling, I said, when
we got off the phone, I said, "Hey,
listen. I know you're in a bad place, so
don't be an [__] and deny me the joy
or deny me the opportunity to to sit in
the space with you moving forwards,
okay? like if you if you need to call me
in the middle of the night, you call me.
Don't deny me the opportunity to to to
be there with you.
If you've previously handled the moment
when they did call you by being trying
to be a fixer or anything, they're just
not going to do it regardless of what
you say.
So, do you know what I'm saying?
Correct. And the reason why I know this
is because I said this to one of my
friends recently who had opened up to
me. Um he was in he was in he was back
in London and I remember going to say to
him, "Oh man,
please tell me next time this happens.
You know, you always seem to tell me
when it's it's And then I reflected and
went, do you know why
you're a fixer?
I'm a fixer.
So he doesn't want to [__] call me.
Exactly.
Cuz cuz he doesn't like the way that I
I hold space for him. I'm trying to
correct everything.
Correct.
So even if I'd gone, you [__] better
call me next time.
He would have in his head go, "Right,
what you can say now is I realize in the
past I was illquipped. I didn't have the
tools on how to hold space for you."
Yeah.
And I realize in the past when you've
called me I've tried to fix everything,
which is hardly an incentive for you to
call me again. And I want you to know
I've been working really really really
hard on that skill set. So give me
another chance if you're ever in the
[__] I'm I I am better equipped. I
won't be perfect. It's it's a work in
progress, but um I want you to know that
I want to be there for you. And I think
you'll be surprised I'm a lot better
than I was. And if I'm not, you can tell
me.
Okay?
Cuz I would want somebody to tell me if
I if they're in the [__] and I start
going to fixing mode. They go, "Simon,
you're trying to fix me." I go, "Sorry,
sorry." and I can back off immediately
because I know what's happening
because you can correct the is the great
thing about human beings is we're like
it's kind of like the difference between
public speaking and writing a book,
right? Public speaking is really
forgiving. I can have screwed up
grammar. I can misspeak and people are
tracking. I can bounce from subject to
subject and people are fine. If I do
that in a book, it's unreadable,
right? And so it's the same having a
conversation with someone like it's a
very forgiving process like when you're
trying to fix something and then you're
doing and that's not what they need and
they go stop trying to fix it. You're
like sorry. You can actually get them
energy in the right place back really
quickly. Something you can't do over
text.
Yeah.
Just I had to put that public service
announcement in there.
Um um you know they're very easily
correctable. That's the nice thing. like
you can start I mean we've both had the
experience where you're having a really
bad it's going sideways fast and it is
going towards bad and one of you or both
of you is really making it worse and
pouring you know uh fuel on that fire
and then all it takes is one of you to
back off and say listen I'm this let's
can we just take it back and you and
you'll end the phone call hugging and
you know hugging each other
happens all the time
it does
we sit here in a couple of years time
Simon and we we have a conversation
and some of the challenges you're facing
in your personal life. Some of the ones
you've talked about personal and
professional transition moment in your
professional life. Um they are they're
in a better place.
Things are idyllic dare I say because I
think that's a bit of an impossibility
in the human condition but things are
idyllic. What does your life look like?
Um
you know for me scale matters
and
I I am looking
so the the one of the things that I I I
I measure success by momentum not by
achievement. I think I've shared this
with you before, how I've always viewed
my career as an iceberg, which is when I
first started, when I had a vision of
the world. You know, I imagine a world
in which the vast majority of people
wake up every single morning inspired,
feel safe wherever they are, and end the
day fulfilled by the work that they do.
That is a vision that no one else can
see. It exists in my imagination. It's
like an iceberg under the ocean. I know
it's there. I can see it, but no one
else can see it because there's nothing
sticking above the ocean. And so I talk
about my vision and people be like,
"You're an idiot. You're an idealist.
You're crazy. That's impossible." and I
do some work whatever it is and a little
bit of iceberg pops up. I've done
something that is a a tangible
demonstration of what I'm talking about,
you know, gave a talk, you know, gave
some examples, found a company, and
somebody goes, "Oh,
oh, I see. Yes, I can see what you're
talking about now." And they start
working with me, and now those are the
early adopters. And I keep doing work
and I keep doing work and the more and
more of the iceberg starts to stick up
above the ocean. And no matter how much
no matter what point of my career I've
been in, no matter how much success I've
had, however you want to define it, when
somebody says to me, "Oh my god, it's
amazing what you've achieved," my answer
is always the same. Tip of the iceberg,
because though there may be more
icebergs sticking above the ocean now
than there used to be. All I can see is
what remains to be done beneath the
ocean, and that is vast. And so I'm
never really satisfied with what I've
achieved. I'm trying to find ways to get
more of the iceberg out of the ocean,
right? And so the the question is is
what I've been doing up until now will
have some effect to get more iceberg up,
but not not as much as I need. So if if
you ask me sort of like what does my
life look like in in in the future, I
always think in terms of momentum and
the thing that drives me is all of the
founders of the women's suffrage
movement in the United States all died
of natural causes before the first women
ever voted.
In other words, I have to put in place
um as many systems and and and elements
as I can so that when my time comes I
will die confident that others will
continue the work that I've been working
on my whole life without me just as I
have continued the work of those who
came before me.
Why does that work matter to you?
I believe we all have a responsibility
to leave this world in better shape than
we found it. the accomplishment of that
work. How would it make you feel? How
does it make you feel on an ongoing
basis?
I am proud of the momentum that I'm
contributing to.
And momentum is more important to me
than any specific thing that I may or
may not have accomplished, you know,
because I
Why not just go get a yacht in a and go
to a beach and just like live it up?
I mean, I would probably enjoy it for a
few weeks and then I'd get bored, you
know? I like I It's a probably some sort
of neurode divergence. I like I like
difficult and uncomfortable and
overwhelmingly huge problems are my
favorite kind. Um I you know and you
know undoing everything Jack Welch did
and getting capitalism rebalanced. I
mean I can't do that alone for sure. I'm
not the only person who has that vision.
Um I'm doing my part and it is so vast
with so many moving parts that is so
complicated that the easier thing would
be to give up and just go live on a
yacht.
It gives you a sense of meaning. Don't
get me wrong, there are days that that
that abandoning it and just like is very
appealing both,
you know,
but it gives you a sense of meaning,
right? It gives you a sense of like life
becomes worthwhile when there's
something scary.
I want to know I I want to know that I
lived a life worth living and for and I
and by the way for different people it
that is defined differently. You know,
for some living a life worth living
means looking at a child that you've
raised and saying that kid will be okay
without me. In other words, they will
continue the work that I've done without
me. It's the same. It's the same. It's
all the same mentality. Um, and and and
I I I don't care where somebody finds
that meaning. I want them to have it.
The reason I ask this is because I'm
always trying to separate like the
virtue from the from reality. And when I
speak to young kids, they all want to
change the world. And I'm always
compelled by like why. And even with
this podcast, if someone asks me, Steve,
why did you do the podcast? Of course, I
can say, you know, I want to help people
with this information and whatever else.
And I'm always like trying to make sure
that I'm fully in tune with the exact
why. The most like innate human reason
why I'm doing this. Like why am I doing
this? Am I doing it because lots of
people watch and that's great for my ego
or my self-esteem or whatever? Because
loads of people are clapping. I'm doing
it because I see these messages and
people come up to me and say it's really
helped them. To be honest, it's probably
all of these things. If I'm being like
truly honest with myself, it's probably
all of these things.
Well, they're they're they're metrics.
They're indicators, right? Yeah. like
you and I you you and I h one of our
metrics that's it's a hard one to track
is there is tremendous
um
I don't know what words to use I think
there is gratitude when somebody comes
up to us on the street and says thank
you so much I read your book listen to
your podcast whatever it is and it
changed my life
right and this is a total stranger who
just by chance that we happen to walk
past them in that moment so we can
safely assume that there are other
people that we haven't walked past, but
through ch and and not only did they see
us, they mustered the courage to go up
and talk to us, you know, and um uh and
that is that is a metric.
Why does it feel so good?
Um it's not about feeling good. It's not
about feeling good for me. It's it's
proof that the work that I'm doing is
going places I never imagined it would
go.
And does that feel good? Uh that feels
like Yeah. I mean it feels like the work
that I should continue working.
That's what it it m what it makes me
feel it's not doesn't make me feel like
it's not like I like it doesn't like do
anything to my ego or anything. It just
reminds me you got to keep doing this.
Like you don't have a choice, you know.
Um I I I I don't know if I've shared the
story with you before, but I went to
Afghanistan uh with the Air Force during
the war in Afghanistan. I went for 24
hours and nothing went according to
plan.
Mhm.
And we ended up thinking we were going
to get stuck there and I never told my
parents that I was going to Afghanistan.
We landed at 10:00 at night in Bram Air
Base and uh and the door had opened on
the side of the plane. We hadn't got off
the plane yet. And about 10 minutes
after we landed, the base came in a
rocket attack and three rockets hit a
100 yards off our nose. I could you
could hear the booms. Obviously, the air
raid sirens are going the over the
speakers. that's telling everybody to go
to their shelters and we're just on a
plane filled with gas. And weirdly, I
was calm because everybody else was calm
and we never bothered putting on our
vests or helmets because what's that
going to do? And everybody, we just sort
of hung out and I was weirdly relaxed.
And for anybody who's ever been in a war
zone, they all know this. Um, you have
all the feelings you're supposed to
have. You don't necessarily have them at
the right times. My panic came later.
Um, we finally were given the all clear.
We went to our quarters. The next day, I
had the most amazing after about three
hours of sleep, that's all we got. Had
the most amazing experience, I got to
experience an airdrop mission where we
flew a C17 at 2,000 ft. I watched the
back of the door open and
and whoosh flew out the back, fuel,
ammunition, and water supply at a Ford
operating base, you know, about an hour
and a half, two hours from Bram and then
we flew back. Most amazing experience.
Right now, the goal was to leave the
country. I was just there to experience
an airdrop, meet some people. I had no
particular responsibility other than to
witness. Um and uh now the goal was to
leave the country. Great. There's
nothing regularly scheduled. And so we
found another plane that was going back
to Bram. We asked the pilot, can we join
your flight? He said yes. We waited for
many hours because that there's a lot of
waiting. And we finally got on the
plane. We're literally 5 minutes from
leaving. We're all strapped into the
back of this KC46 again. And it's a
outbound aird. So, we're taking out
wounded uh wounded servicemen and and
women. And um and 5 minutes before we
leave, the pilot comes up to us and
says, "I need to bump you off this
flight cuz I need some extra room for
stretchers." And we went, "Sounds good.
If there's ever a good reason to get
bumped off a flight, this is it." So, we
took our stuff off and we thought,
"Okay, let's go find another flight."
And that's when we learned that there
are no other flights leaving until
Tuesday and it's only Saturday. And um
and now all of a sudden every every
fiber of my body sank. All of a sudden I
realized I'm stuck in this country and
there's no guarantee I'm going to get on
a flight on Tuesday. I don't have any
way to contact my parents. I'm just
going to be completely out of touch
after the date that they think I'm
coming home. And even if I did call
them, what am I going to say? I'm not
going to be home. I'm in Afghanistan.
like in the middle of a war, you know,
every I remember I had I was I had a
tremendous self-awareness of the of how
I felt and who I was becoming. And there
was a public affairs officer who said,
"I can get you to uh Kyrgyzstan, but you
don't have the right visa." And I
literally put my finger in his face. I
don't do that. I've never held my finger
in someone's face in my life. And I put
my finger in his face and said, "You get
me on that plane." Like, I don't talk to
people that way. and I could see myself
becoming this person that I am not and
didn't want to be.
We went back to our quarters. We're all
exhausted. And so I laid down on the bed
and closed my eyes just cuz I was tired,
but there's no way I was sleeping. My
mind was racing.
One of the officers said, "Well, I'm
going to see if I can find us another
flight." And so he left. And the other
officer said, "Well, I'm going to go to
the gym then." And he left. And he
thought I was sleeping. So, as he left,
he turned the lights out and I was left
by myself in the dark. My mind going
crazy. And now I'm panicked. That
feeling that I should have had when the
rockets hit, I'm now having it right
now. I'm convinced I'm going to die. I'm
convinced there's going to be another
rocket attack. I'm convinced it's going
to land on me. I'm convinced my parents
are going to find out I was here when
the military knocks on the door and
tells them. And no logic can dissuade
me.
I know that one of the reasons I feel
this way is because I have no sense of
purpose, right? I didn't come here for
any reason. I just came here to to
witness. And so I look, I'm in the
purpose business. I'm like, "All right,
Simon, you need purpose. You need
purpose. Come up with a sense of
purpose. All right, you're here to learn
and come back and tell their story.
Okay, there you go." And it made me feel
good for like five minutes and then it
disappeared and the panic and the
paranoia came back in. And I went
through this cycle multiple times trying
to invent a purpose for myself. And then
I finally realized I couldn't come up
with anything and I gave up. And I lie
in that bed resigned to the fact that I
was stuck there without a sense of
purpose. And I decided that if I was
going to get stuck here, I I might as
well make myself useful. That I would
volunteer. That I would speak to the
troops that they wanted me to. I would
carry boxes. I would sweep floors. I
didn't care how menial the work. I just
wanted to serve those who were serving
others. And in that moment, I found
unbelievable calm, even excitement to be
there to serve those who serve others.
As if it were a movie, the timing was
extraordinary, having just come to this
remarkable insight. The door flies open.
It's Major Throck Morton. He says,
"There's a flight that's been
redirected. It's going to Rammstein. We
can get on the plane if we leave now.
They're not going to wait for us. We
have to go. We have to go now. We have
to go now. Where's Matt?" I'm like, he's
at the gym. We run to the gym. We get
Matt off the treadmill. There's no time
for him to shower. He puts his uniform
back on. We grab all of our stuff and we
run to the flight line to get on this
plane.
We get to the flight line. We can see
the C7 we're supposed to get on. It's
right over there. We can see it. But the
security stops us and won't let us onto
the flight line. There's a fallen
soldier ceremony happening somewhere on
the base. And out of respect, everything
stops.
And so we sat on the curb and waited.
And while we were sitting there, I told
the guys what I had gone through lying
in that bed. Mind you, I have no idea
how long I was in that bed for. I could
have been in there for 10 minutes. I
could have been there for an hour. I
don't want anybody to tell me either. I
had I lost all concept of time. I sat
there and told them what I had gone
through and I'd come to this remarkable
insight. The true purpose in life is to
serve those who serve others. And I
wept. And I wept while I was sitting on
that curb. And one of the things that a
lot of people don't know about the
military is crying is just fine.
Finally, the security came up and we
were able to walk to the aircraft. We
boarded the plane. We would be the only
three passengers aboard this aircraft.
What what I didn't know at the time is
the reason this flight had been
redirected is that we would be carrying
the soldier for whom they just had the
fallen soldier ceremony.
We stood there and waited and the army
brought on the flag draped casket. The
soldiers put the casket right in the
middle of the aircraft. They stood there
and did a very slow 8-count salute.
They turned, marched off the plane, and
we could watch them hugging and crying
as they walked out of sight. Our Air
Force crew got to work and they strapped
the casket down in the middle of the
aircraft and we got going. I've never
had such an honor in my life, having
just gone through this experience that I
had on the ground, learning that true
purpose is the opportunity to serve
those who serve others, that I get to
bring home somebody who knows a lot more
about purpose than I ever will.
We land at Rammstein
and we have one night at Rammstein
before we come home.
The final flight home is another C17
back to Andrews Air Force Base.
And this is a an uh an aeromedical
evacuation. So it's um an what they call
an AE mission. So wounded wound the
wounded. Some ambulatory, some not. Um
and we get into the the flight. This
flight was a little more relaxed and you
know lots of nurses tending to the
wounded. And in the back of the aircraft
was a single gurnie, a single Marine who
was in what they call CCAT, which is an
artificial coma,
uh, very, very badly wounded. And he had
four doctors attending to him
personally. And I sort of avoided going
to the back of the plane cuz it was
uncomfortable. And I finally said, "No,
I I got to go." So I I walked to the
back of the plane to talk to the docs
and they walked me through his wounds.
um his buddy stepped on an IED and was
killed and he took the shrapnel. He had
shrapnel in the chest, shrapnel uh in
the eye um and he was in very bad shape
and the docs were telling me that the
the amount of new uh techniques that
they were learning how to how to treat
trauma just because of the war in Iraq
and Afghanistan was slowly making its
way into civilian hospitals. So even
when they're wounded, they're still
serving us, you know. And the lead doc
was a was a was a reservist who works in
an ER in Austin.
And had I not gone through what I had
just gone through 24 hours before, I
would never have asked him this
question.
But I did. I asked him, "Hey doc, you're
a good guy. You work in an ER. You save
lives for a living. That's your job. Do
you have a different kind of feeling on
these missions than you do back home?"
And he looked at me and he said, "990 to
95% of the people who come through an ER
are either drunks or idiots." He says,
"There's not a single drunk or idiot on
this aircraft." He said, "The feeling
that I get when I get to work these
missions during my reserve hours is more
powerful than any feeling I ever get
when I'm working back home." Again, the
greatest sense of purpose and meaning we
can have in our lives is to serve those
who serve others.
Part of the deal that they made with me
when I went, the general said, 'I want
you to go and I want you to come back
and tell us your insights. What you saw
that we did well, what you saw, we just
tell us your insights. So about two
weeks after I got home, I went back to
Scott Air Force Base and was standing in
a room full of all the brass, all the
generals, the colonels, all the command
from the mobility forces and they just
wanted me to report on what I saw and I
went through everything and I wasn't
sure if I was going to tell them about
bringing home this flag casket. That was
my the emotions were very raw still and
I'm not sure I wanted to do it or could
do it. And I remember I was reporting on
everything else that I saw and the
people I met and the things that I
thought were amazing. And I took a pause
and I decided to tell the story. And now
the again the emotions are right on the
surface. And I tell the whole story in
even more detail that I'm telling you
now. And I got to the point where I
choked up and I couldn't continue. I
couldn't tell the story anymore. Now, if
this was the private sector and I was
standing on a stage telling this exact
story, somebody in private sector would
say to me, "Take your time," they would
say, "Uh, it's okay." That's what they
would say to me, right? It's happened.
Take your time. Right?
That's not what happened.
I stood there completely choked up. I
couldn't I couldn't speak. And was one
voice from the back of the room, the
general, and he said, "Go on."
Meaning, "Go on and we're with you."
Right? And that's the difference between
private sector and these wonderful
people. In private sector, they say to
you, "Take your time as if you're alone.
Take all the time you need by yourself."
And here, these people who understand
what service truly means, they say, "Go
forwards. Go on. Move forwards. You have
no choice. and we will be with you. And
that's what I learned from them. When I
when my friends are struggling, I don't
say take your time. When my friends are
struggling, I say go on. When my friends
are crying, I say go on. The underlying
message is and I am here sitting in the
mud with you.
It is the greatest honor of my life. And
because of that experience, that's where
the book leaders eat last came from.
That experience was the impetus for that
book. So when we talk about what the
future looks like, I just want to live a
life of service. I want to continue to
serve those who serve others. And to
meet people who live a life of service,
I will do anything for them. I think
there's an unwritten rule that when you
meet someone who's devoted their life to
serving those who serve others, that it
is our responsibility to serve them.
There's an unwritten rule. The reason I
do so much pro bono stuff is because
when I meet people who are the on the
side of good, on the side of service, I
obey that unwritten agreement that I
will be there for you and I will serve
you and expect nothing in return. And if
you want to bring it full circle back to
relationships, when one person shows up
in the relationship to serve you, you
have the moral responsibility to serve
them because to serve someone who serves
others, they are serving you, which
means we have to serve them.
I live my life by that code.
The key the key second second line in
true purpose is serving those that serve
others. The line that you've added and
that you learned from your experience
going to Afghanistan was that will be
there with you
along the way.
Mhm.
How important is that for you in your
mission that you have someone there with
you? And do you feel like you have
someone there with you on the mission
you're on? You talked about the iceberg
pulling it out of the ocean. At the
start of this conversation, you
reflected on feeling lonely, not
understood.
I feel lonely for personal It's my
personal life, right?
Yeah.
Do you feel like you have people that
are there with you?
Absolutely. And when somebody comes up
to me on the street and says, "Thank
you. You changed my life." I always say
the same thing to them. Thank you for
being a part of the movement. I always
thank them for being a part of the
movement. When they say your life
changed me, my word back to them is
continue your work. Right? Thank you for
being a part of the movement is what I
always say. Because when you say I I do
not feel alone. I feel I feel that I'm a
part of an army with thousands to the
left and thousands to the right. Dare I
say millions to the left and millions to
the right. Some who I know and most I
will never know. But we were all
marching towards the same direction to
build this world that we all believe in
in our capacity. Whether we're doing it
for our little company, whether we're
doing it for our family, whether we're
doing it for our friends, or whether
we're doing it at massive scale because
we of we have that opportunity because
we have a bully pulpit or we we lead a
large organization.
That's the professional side.
Yes. Personally, do I feel I have people
to my left and right to work with? Yes,
100%.
Absolutely. My team is incredible. My
closest confidant is my sister. You
know, my sister and I are business
partners and the best of friends.
This question started with me asking you
about looking forward a couple of years
and everything's idyllic. You've given
me the the prof professional answer.
Yeah.
The personal side of that coin is kind
of what I'm trying to understand. I
mean, I think the answer is I I want
somebody I I love companionship and I
want to be able to
more than talk about and share my
magical surreal life with someone
because I I have a I have a wonderful
life and I do want to share with
somebody. I think sharing is more fun
than just telling people about something
you want to come back and be like, "Do
you remember that thing that we did?" as
opposed to can I tell you about this
thing that I did, you know? Um uh like I
and I want to and I want to share
somebody else's life. I want to hear
about their bad day. I want to hear
about their good day. I want to be their
cheer cheerleader. You know, I I I want
the opportunity. I've been a shitty
servant in my relationships in the past.
I've been a really shitty servant and uh
and I've built the skill set. You know,
I'm a slow learner. Give me a break.
Better to learn it now than learn it
never. Um, but I want the opportunity to
like take all these skills that I've
been talking about really effectively
and really good at doing professionally
and I want the opportunity to do it just
for one person.
You've I mean
you spent your life um being a fantastic
servant
to me from before we even met to to many
more people like me. I mean, you know
this. You said millions to your left,
millions to your right. It's millions.
You've been a fantastic service to to
millions. And sometimes, even in my own
life, I reflect and think the service
that I did, whether it was building the
service to my employees or the service
to the outside world, it came at a cost.
And that was often the service to one
individual who was right there who I
sometimes took for granted over and over
again to the point that I lost them and
then had to live with the regret. Um,
but I mean it just seems so obvious to
me that because you have the awareness
of all of that, you're perfectly placed
to serve.
I'm having a thought an insight right
now which I hadn't had before which is
we've talked about
you know everything that we gain in this
life comes at a cost and the only
question is was the cost worth it and so
now if you say I put all of this focused
on this movement and it came at such
personal cost right like I took my eye
off the ball I wasn't investing the time
to be a better boyfriend to learn how to
have relationship to learn how to manage
you
some of the symptoms of the ADHD just to
forget about the ADHD just to learn not
to be an idiot, you know? Uh, was it
worth it?
And the sad thing is it was
like if you're asking me in the state
that I'm sitting in now, would I sit in
the state right now again and do it all
exactly the same way? Not sure I do it
exactly the same way, but I believe the
movement that we're building and what
you and I are both a part of,
it was worth it. Now, it wouldn't have
been worth it if I didn't learn this
lesson now and be given the opportunity
now.
You know, would I have preferred it 5
years ago, 10 years ago? Yes.
But uh
but I I believe the cost was worth it
because I think the work that we're
doing has nobility to it and it matters
and that
that weirdly makes it sort of Huh.
That's really nice. Yeah, the cost was
worth it.
Simon, thank you.
Do I have to pay for this?
Uh,
I think everybody's probably thinking
the same to be fair. No, I I really I
really mean that. I mean,
no, I I really mean that. I really mean
that because it's it's so unbelievably
powerful um
to have a conversation like this.
It's it's the these are the most
important conversations we have. It's
not like information sharing and this
trick about this business and how to
have this team member. the human level
stuff which is the foundation of all the
things we do, our success, our
businesses, whatever that we struggle
with the most, but people like me and
you just don't talk about
because that's not what we're we, you
know, we're recruited to talk about.
Well, and people don't ask us those
questions and sometimes if they do,
we're you know, we got good at avoiding
them. And I think that the tragedy is is
that, you know, people are modeling
their they're making choices based on
what we're saying and we're leaving out
a huge part of the human story. And you
know, for us not to talk about this
stuff does the people who are on their
own journey and using our information as
part of their education a disservice.
Um,
so yeah, I think this is a great lesson
all around
and this is it. You know, people often
ask me why on the DVI I spend so long
talking about health, mental health,
mental fitness,
mental fitness, um, struggles and all of
those things because I think that's the
subject matter that is underserved. So
that's pretty much the whole space that
I play in. I spend very little time
talking about how to
scale a company and all I I focus what I
on what I believe is the underserved
foundations of being a great successful
quote unquote individual, which is all
the stuff we've talked about today.
Yeah.
Hey, thanks so much. I I uh
I really love when we do this.
So do I.
And the thing is the thing is I think
what people don't realize is, you know,
you and I know each other, respect each
other, and like each other, but we don't
go out for dinner. We've never actually
gone out for a meal, you know. And I
think what's so interesting is I think
if we did, this is what we would talk
about. And so,
you know, it's a bet it's better to do
it with others than than than just by
ourselves at dinner.
We skipped the first date. We went
straight. Went straight into the
relationship. It's true.
Well, we both hate the first date, so
that's okay.
Hey, thank you so much. I really do
appreciate it.
Thank you, Simon.
[Music]
Quick one. As you guys know, we're lucky
enough to have Blue Jeans as a sponsor
and supporter of this podcast. For
anyone that doesn't know, Blue Jeans is
an online video conferencing tool that
allows you to have slick, fast, good,
quality online meetings without any of
those glitches that you'd normally find
with other meeting online providers. You
know the ones I'm talking about. And
they have a new feature called Blue
Jeans Basic, which I wanted to tell you
about. Blue Jeans Basic is essentially a
free version of their top quality video
conferencing. And that means that you
get immersive video experiences. is you
get that super high quality, super easy
and zero fuss experience. And apart from
zero time limits on meetings and calls,
it also comes with highfidelity audio
and video, including Dolby Voice. They
also have expertise grade security, so
you can collaborate with confidence.
It's so smooth that it's quite literally
changed the game for myself and my team
without compromising quality at all. So,
if you'd like to check them out, search
blue jeans.com and let me know how you
get on. I have to say I've been on a bit
of a journey with this brand because
when I started my business in new
territories when we first moved social
chain to the to New York City the first
place we went to was we work. We moved
four of our team members out to New York
City and we built the business from
there. Um I have to say there's
something magical about Weiworks. I've
spent the last two or three weeks in LA
in a wei work and as you walk in the
front door every day, it's almost like
that sense of community, that sense of
magic, excitement, camaraderie is
tangible. And you don't get that when
you're working at home. You don't get
that often when you're sat in your bed
on your laptop. There's something about
getting out and getting into a Wei work
that makes me feel a sense of
entrepreneurship and and creativity and
building and the way that we works are
designed both both in the way that they
offer subscriptions. so that you can
work, you know, on demand, but also that
the flexibility of the contracts means
that it's just the perfect place for
businesses to scale their companies. And
if you haven't checked out Weiwork and
you want to, you can go to we.co/CEO
and there you can get 50% off a trial
day at Weiwork close to you.
[Music]